# Theme: fullcolor-transparent
# By diws
#----------------------------------------------------#

background              = black         default
frame                   = white         default
window_title            = white         default
directory               = white         default bold
selected_directory      = green         default bold
playlist                = white         default
selected_playlist       = green         default bold
file                    = white         default
selected_file           = green         default
marked_file             = green         default bold
marked_selected_file    = green         default bold
info                    = white         default bold
selected_info           = green         default bold
marked_info             = green         default bold
marked_selected_info    = green         default bold
status                  = white         default
title                   = white         default bold
state                   = white         default bold
current_time            = black         yellow
time_left               = black         magenta
total_time              = black         red
time_total_frames       = black         red
sound_parameters        = white         default bold
legend                  = white         default
disabled                = blue          default bold
enabled                 = white         default bold
empty_mixer_bar         = black         cyan
filled_mixer_bar        = black         default
empty_time_bar          = white         default
filled_time_bar         = black         default
entry                   = white         default
entry_title             = black         default
error                   = red           default bold
message                 = blue          default bold
plist_time              = black         cyan

#----------------------------------------------------#
