# Theme: red-transparent
# By diws
#----------------------------------------------------#

background              = black         default
frame                   = black         default
window_title            = black         white
directory               = white         default bold
selected_directory      = red           default bold
playlist                = white         default
selected_playlist       = red           default bold
file                    = white         default
selected_file           = red           default
marked_file             = red           default bold
marked_selected_file    = red           default bold
info                    = white         default bold
selected_info           = red           default bold
marked_info             = red           default bold
marked_selected_info    = red           default bold
status                  = white         default
title                   = white         default
state                   = white         default bold
current_time            = black         yellow
time_left               = black         yellow
total_time              = black         yellow
time_total_frames       = black         yellow
sound_parameters        = white         default bold
legend                  = white         default
disabled                = red           default bold
enabled                 = white         default bold
empty_mixer_bar         = black         white
filled_mixer_bar        = black         default
empty_time_bar          = white         default
filled_time_bar         = black         default
entry                   = white         default
entry_title             = black         default
error                   = red           default bold
message                 = blue          default bold
plist_time              = black         white

#----------------------------------------------------#
